W-13729475 setup desktop duke (#78)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/create-synchronization-sfdc-api.adoc

To write the logic behind this API, you must publish it to Exchange:

. In Anypoint Code Builder, open the `american-flights-api.raml` file.

> . Open the Command Palette by pressing Ctrl+Shift+P (Windows) or Cmd+Shift+P (Mac) and type  or paste the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the Command Palette by pressing Ctrl+Shift+P (Windows) or Cmd+Shift+P (Mac), and provide the following command:
```
